README.md, before:

# temi Connect Python Package
Control temi using Python scripts over MQTT.


## Prerequisites
* [Python 3](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
* Python [virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/stable/installation.html)
* Connect APK installed on temi, see [here](https://github.com/hapi-robo/connect/tree/devel/android)
* MQTT broker. Free brokers for testing:
	* [Eclipse](http://test.mosquitto.org/)
	* [Mosquitto](http://mqtt.eclipse.org)
	* [HiveMQ](http://broker.hivemq.com)


## Ubuntu / MacOS Setup
Clone this repository:
```
git clone ...
```

Create a Python virtual environment (`venv`) and install all dependencies:
```
cd temipy/
./setup.sh
```

Activate the virtual environment:
```
source venv/bin/activate
```


## Usage
Make sure temi is connected to an MQTT broker via the Connect app.

Edit the `sample.py` script and adjust the `parameters` appropriately, then run:
```
python sample.py
```


## Sample Script
```
import temipy as temi

TEMI_SERIAL = "01234567890"

# connect to the MQTT server
mqtt_client = temi.connect("test.mosquitto.org", 1883)

# create robot object
robot = temi.Robot(mqtt_client, TEMI_SERIAL)

# command the robot to speak
robot.tts("Going to the Entrance")

# command the robot to go to a saved location
robot.goto("entrance")
```

See `sample.py` for more details.

Commit message:

Renames package to pytemi and adds Android intent command

README.md, after:

# pytemi
A Python client that can be used with [Connect](https://github.com/hapi-robo/connect/) MQTT bridge for temi.


## Prerequisites
* [Python 3](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
* Python [virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/stable/installation.html)
* Connect APK installed on temi, see [here](https://github.com/hapi-robo/connect/tree/devel/android)
* MQTT broker. Free brokers for testing:
	* [Eclipse](http://test.mosquitto.org/)
	* [Mosquitto](http://mqtt.eclipse.org)
	* [HiveMQ](http://broker.hivemq.com)


## Ubuntu / MacOS Setup
Clone this repository:
```
git clone ...
```

Create a Python virtual environment (`venv`) and install all dependencies:
```
cd pytemi/
./setup.sh
```

Activate the virtual environment:
```
source venv/bin/activate
```


## Usage
Make sure temi is connected to an MQTT broker via the Connect app.

Edit the `sample.py` script and adjust the `parameters` appropriately, then run:
```
python sample.py
```


## Sample Script
```
import pytemi as temi

TEMI_SERIAL = "01234567890"

# connect to the MQTT server
mqtt_client = temi.connect("test.mosquitto.org", 1883)

# create robot object
robot = temi.Robot(mqtt_client, TEMI_SERIAL)

# command the robot to speak
robot.tts("Going to the Entrance")

# command the robot to go to a saved location
robot.goto("entrance")
```

See `sample.py` for more details.
